Do not, for one repulse, give up the purpose that you resolved to effect.(William Shakespeare, British dramatist)
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live. (Mark Twain, American writer)
I want to bring out the secrets of nature and apply them for the happiness of man . I don't know of any better service to offer for the short time we are in the world .
Ideal is the beacon. Without ideal, there is no secure direction ; without direction, there is no life .( Leo Tolstoy, Russian writer)
If winter comes, can spring be far behind ?( P. B. Shelley, British poet ) Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass.
If you doubt yourself, then indeed you stand on shaky11 ground .(Ibsen, Norwegian dramatist )
If you would go up high, then use your own legs ! Do not let yourselves carried aloft; do not seat yourselves on other people's backs and heads . (F. W . Nietzsche, German Philosopher)
It is at our mother's knee that we acquire our noblest and truest and highest, but there is seldom any money in them.( Mark Twain, American writer )
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully 19 have been kindness, beauty and truth .(Albert Einstein, American scientist)
The important thing in life is to have a great aim, and the determination to attain it. (Johan Wolfgang von Goethe, German Poet and dramatist)
The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds .(Mark Twain, American writer)
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today .(Franklin Roosevelt, American president)
When an end is lawful and obligatory, the indispensable means to is are also lawful and obligatory .(Abraham Lincoln, American statesman)
Genius only means hard-working all one's life .( Mendeleyer, Russian Chemist)
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil tears and sweat . (Winston Churchill, British Politician)
Man errs so long as he strives. (Johan Wolfgang Goethe, German poet and dramatist)
My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country . My fellow citizens of the world ; ask not what America will do for you, but what together we can do for the freedom of man . (John Kennedy, American President )
Our destiny offers not the cup of despair, but the chalice of opportunity . (Richard Nixon, American President )
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet . (Jean Jacques Rousseau, French thinker)
Progress is the activity of today and the assurance of tomorrow .(Emerson, American thinker )
The world can be changed by man's endeavor, and that this endeavor can lead to something new and better .No man can sever the bonds that unite him to his society simply by averting his eyes . He must ever be receptive and sensitive to the new ; and have sufficient courage and skill to novel facts and to deal with them . (Franklin Roosevelt, American President )
There is no royal road to science, and only those who do not dread the fatiguing climb of gaining its numinous summits . (Karl Marx, German revolutionary )
The man who has made up his mind to win will never say "impossible ".(Bonaparte Napoleon, French emperor )
To do whatever needs to be done to preserve this last and greatest bastion of freedom .(Ronald Reagan, American President )
We cannot always build the future for our youth, but we can build our youth for the future . (Franklin Roosevelt, American president )
Where there is a will, there is a way .( Thomas Edison, American inventor ) A light heart lives long .( William Shakespeare, British dramatist )
Achievement provides the only real pleasure in life .( Thomas Edison, American inventor)
But has the last word been said ? Is all hope to be lost ? Is the defeat final No !(Charles De Gaulle, French president )
I succeeded because I willed it ; I never hesitated .(Bonaparte Napoleon, French emperor )
If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend, experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry. (Thomas Edison, American inventor )
Only those who have the patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily . (Friedrich Schiller, German Dramatist and poet).
Power invariably means both responsibility and danger .(Theodore Roosevelt, American president)
Success covers a multitude of blunders .(George Bernard Shaw, British Dramatist)
The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for circumstances they want, and if they cannot find them .they make them. (George Bernard Shaw, British dramatist )
You have to believe in yourself . That's the secret of success .(Charles Chaplin, American actor )
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise .(Benjamin Franklin, American president )
Sloth, like rust, consumes faster than labor wears .(Benjamin Franklin, American president)
The first wealth is health .( Ralph Waldo Emerson, American thinker ) Happiness is form courage .( H. Jackson, British writer )
All the splendor 1 in the world is not worth a good friend .(Voltaire, French thinker)
Creditors 4 have better memories than debtors . (Benjamin Franklin, American president )
If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some .(Benjamin Franklin, American president )
If your Riches are yours, why don't you take them with you to the other world ?(Benjamin Franklin, American president )
Money is a good servant and a bad master .(Francis Bacon, British philosopher )
Money is like muck, not good except it be spread .(Francis Bacon, British philosopher)
No country, however rich, can afford the waste of its human resources .(Franklin Roosevelt, American president)
Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing .(Albert Einstein, American scientist )
A lifetime of happiness ! No man alive could bear it ; it would be hell on earth .(G. Bernard Shaw, British dramatist )
Happy is the man who is living by his hobby .(G. Bernard Shaw, British dramatist )
Happiness lies not in the mere possession of money ; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort .(Franklin Roosevelt, American president )
Human felicity is produced not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen, as by little advantages that occur every day .(Benjamin Franklin, American president).
Most folks are about as happy as they make up their minds to be .(Abraham Lincoln, American president )
The secret of being miserable is to have leisure to bother about whether you are happy or not . (George Bernard Shaw, British dramatist )
The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved . The golden age is before us, not behind us . (Mark Twain, American writer )
There is no paradise on earth equal to the union of love and innocence .(Jean Jacques Rousseau, French thinker )
To really understand a man we must judge him in misfortune .(Bonaparte Napoleon, French emperor )
We have no more right to consume happiness without producing it than to consume wealth without producing it . (George Bernard Shaw, British dramatist)
At twenty years of age, the will reigns; at thirty, the wit ; and at forty, the judgment .(Benjamin Franklin, American president)
Do you love life ? Then do not squander time ; for that's the stuff5 life is made of .(Benjamin Franklin, American president )
Each moment in history is a fleeting time, precious and unique .(Richard Nixon, American president )
Fish and visitors smell three days .( Franklin Benjamin, American president )
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards .(Abraham Lincoln, American president)
If you want to understand today, you have to search yesterday .(Pearl Buck, American female writer )
In delay there lies no plenty, Then come kiss me, sweet and twenty, Youth's a stuff that will not endure . (William Shakespeare, British dramatist)
Never leave that until tomorrow, which you can do today . (Benjamin Franklin, American president )
Ordinary people merely think how they shall spend their time ; a man of talent tries to use it . (Arthur Schopenhauer, German philosopher )
The time of life is short ; to spend that shortness basely, it would be too long . (William Shakespeare, British dramatist )
To choose time is to save time .( Francis Bacon, British philosopher ) Time is money .( Benjamin Franklin, American president)
We always have time enough, if we will but use it aright. (Johan Wolfgang von Goethe, German poet )
Weep no more, no sigh, nor groan. Sorrow calls no time that's gone .(John Fletcher, British dramatist )
Eternal truths will be neither true nor eternal unless they have fresh meaning for every new social situation . (Franklin Roosevelt, American president )
Histories make men wise ; poems witty; the mathematics subtle; natural philosophy deep ; moral grave ; logic and rhetoric able to contend . (Francis Bacon, British philosopher )
If you don't learn to think when you are young, you may never learn .(Thomas Edison, American inventor )
Natural abilities are like natural plants that need pruning by study.(Francis Bacon, British philosopher )
I can live for two months on a good compliment. (Mark Twain, American writer)
It is no use doing what you like ; you have got to like what you do .(Winston Churchill, British prime minister)
When work is a pleasure, life is joy ! When work is duty, life is slavery .(Maxim Gorky, Russian writer )
Work banishes those three great evils : boredom, vice, and poverty.(Voltaire, French philosopher )
Activity is the only road to knowledge .(George Bernard Shaw, British dramatist)
A free man obtains knowledge from many sources 1 besides books .(Thomas Jefferson, American president)
A great part to the information I have was acquired by looking up something and finding something else on the way .(Adams Franklin, American humorist )
If a man empties his purse into his head, no man can take it away from him, an investment in knowledge always pays the best interest .(Benjamin Franklin, American president )
Imagination is more important than knowledge .(Albert Einstein, American scientist ) Knowledge is power . (Francis Bacon, British philosopher )
The empty vessels make the greatest sound . (William Shakespeare, British dramatist ) And gladly would learn, and gladly teach .( Chaucer, British poet)
Better be unborn than untaught, for ignorance is the root of misfortune .(Plato, Ancient Greek philosopher) Genius17 without education is like silver in the mine. (Benjamin Franklin, American president )
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet .(Aristotle, Ancient Greek philosopher )
A great poem is a fountain forever overflowing with the waters of wisdom and delight .(P. B. Shelley, British poet )
A novel is a mirror walking along a main road .( Stendhcl, French writer ) My philosophy of life is work . (Thomas Alva Edison, American inventor) Art is a lie that tells the truth .( Picasso, Spanish painter )
Humor has been well defined as thinking in fun while feeling in earnest. (Mark Twain, American novelist )
The decline of literature indicates the decline of a nation ; the two keep in their downward tendency.( Johan Wolfgang von Goethe, German poet )
When one loves one's art no service seems too hard .( O. Henry, American novelist )
